Good afternoon
Hello, I’m from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky Yes, blogger
It’s clear Andrey’s channel
St. Petersburg
How do you feel about the war in Ukraine, the
war is bad,
but the mobilization that has now begun is
forced by the
government, who was forced by the government As they say, who
forced your government to this world, who
forced your government  take this measure
Oh, I’m not very strong in politics,
you know it’s like a joke I love then people
write in the comments hey dad where I
’m being taken to like I don’t know I
don’t understand politics so it
turns out
you are not strong in politics but politicians
accept  a decision that responds directly to you
, that is, you can be taken and
taken there in the army to a foreign country to
die
you are not much like this in politics
you don’t even know honestly
there are no satisfied people on this question You know how
to drive a car
Yes you learned It’s true Why  Because
you had a desire to drive a car,
what we want, we will study. I do not believe that we
understand politics.  it’s much more difficult
than, for example, to learn something else, higher than
some profession, you work like that
by profession,
it’s such a private matter, I’ll say that’s
politics Well, you’re honest by profession,
But I learned this, I studied it, yes,
that is, we already learned hands As
they say  coached
If you have been interested in politics all these years,
then you have already trained your hands in politics,
you would understand that it doesn’t
turn out that way that we can learn welding
So we can learn how to drive a car
what is different from you in some way
, they are a real genius of politics Yes, they
figured it out
Let's make you president Why I don't
want to be the president of Russia
not-not Ukraine I don't want to be the
president of Ukraine now I have other
interests that I realize in life were
n't for you  vote
The fact is that the president You see,
I often do it too Let's have you as president
No look It's not just that I don't
climb  as a bus driver, if I
see that now I can’t cope with these,
I don’t have a heart for this now I’m not
ready, let’s say, to take such
responsibility for this State
[music]
, I also need to mature for this, for example,
right now I don’t see myself as president
as much  you are 41 years old
40 41
normal
you can
It may still mature I am a programmer I
see myself now in this I sort of
see that here I can be effective here
I can I'm not the fact that I would be a good
president because I'm
talking  I think I was still a good manager,
it’s very difficult, at least
with us today, it’s just that you will be everything,
but on the other hand, those people who
sit there and with us are no different
seriously there from most people in
your environment, or do you think that there
is some kind of  then there your deputy has
such a muddy global business, of course,
I don’t understand why people in Russia are
difficult to figure out, this policy
affects you
and now it doesn’t just affect there through prices
on
logs But through your lives they decided to mobilize everyone and that anyway without me they won’t be called up wait wait look 7 months ago those who owe him think they won’t be called up Yes Putin and Peskov promised how many 15 times there will be no mobilization I know maybe it will come with they’ll take yellow to the front line, you’ll weld some kind of grating there Everyone thinks that it won’t affect me, it won’t affect me where we are where you are taking me, and so it’s like they’re cut off in layers So think about politics, nothing will change in your head for one day but in a month 20 already 7 months the war has been going on so open it was already possible to rethink and think about politics so much Yes to think what is wrong so no one for you This will not make the city of Khmelnitsky in Western Ukraine not quite this is in the middle between Lviv and Kyiv so this not the west of Ukraine yet, but not the center either, well, after Kyiv, Zhytomyr region Zhytomyr is a little bit north of the north [music] Well, how calm, that is  I flew to the
cities and alarms go on and the city is essentially
like all other cities under martial
law everyone understands that there is a war
Yes, it’s understandable and we think when Russians are
interested in politics
Yes, I
follow advice well
Let’s try it was difficult
Russian
politicians it’s dull it’s difficult I don’t
understand  you are this anecdote that
people often write in the comments and dad
why they take me to war
I don’t understand politics and this is an
illustration
firstly you are
in Russian distancing from politics
so there is power we have the power
to do something we don’t touch  And now
it turns out that the authorities can
manage not only your
money and taxes there, but also your lives
and throw them to war in a foreign country. You were not
attacked, it’s that to protect your
city,
meat is thrown for war in a foreign country and
you don’t want to think about what  such if
in Russia there is a Million Army, as
Ukraine stated. This is just a
limited contingent was brought in and
died according to the Ministers  your
defense is
5937 people to 6000 so round it up, then
if you have a million army in Ukraine
, 6000 died, then why are you
mobilizing 300 thousand
don’t think that you are being deceived And
their losses are not 6000 But at least 60 And also
Count the wounded of which None of
yours  publishes and you will see that
now these 300 thousand will be crushed and then
you will be given yellow tickets because the Extreme
Hut says
subscribe to the channel check the
subscription There was still YouTube selling
and hearing and to someone else you think about
you who are not interested in politics
zalasha it is your own hands
and subscribe to Telegram both
viskovs under the video of this grammer And what
Peter wants is this and the channel is
correct, you can donate primacy